# Week 2 General Announcment

Good evening General! It's your friendly neighbourhood leadership team here.

An update: You should have started to have been contacted by your project team delivery leads,
possibly been added to a channel and by now you all should be joined to your relevant Trello boards
with an **onboarding card completed.**

**Task 1.1 is due on Sunday.** The information from our company meeting which is accessible in this
channel - including the presentation, along with the information you gain from your team meeting and
resources available in your Trello workspace, the Thoth Tech repo, and the Ontrack & Splashkit old
files, it should be enough for you to complete this task. If you have been through all these
resources and still are not sure - your first point of contact is your Delivery lead (please be
patient with them too, they are onboarding and getting started just like everyone else.) If you have
not heard from them by Friday - please reach out to one of the other leadership team named in all
company meeting powerpoint.

**Task 2.1 is now due next Sunday 27th March.** We understand you all are keen to get started on
things but as we mentioned in the all company meeting, this is a transition trimester and leadership
is working very hard behind the scenes to ensure you are all set up for success. Please be patient
with us. We are aiming to be transparent and communicate relevant updates as soon as they are
available. At this point in time, the first part of Task 2.1 will be completed by the leadership
team, and the second part will have a section that is to be completed by your project team next
week. This means that your focus this week is to get set up, connect with your team, discuss how you
will communicate and work together and what your team cadence will be, discuss your skills and your
availability so you can find the best way to work with each other and most importantly make sure you
are aligned with each other. Whatever you decide your position title is, I challenge you all to pick
an area alignment to drive in your team (docs, QA, data, tech) that will help challenge you to think
about your projects differently. This is something that will make you more valuable to hire in the
real world.

**Next week** will be about really digging into the requirements of your project, scoping the tasks,
how will you will ensure your work is robust, how will you make sure your work is documented,
starting to up-skill, asking questions, learning about Github, coding hygiene and quality assurance
processes etc.

**Lastly, I know this unit can be overwhelming.** There are a lot of new concepts, tools and terms
you may have never used or heard of before. Please don't be afraid to ask questions. We may not
always have the answer straight away, but we are here to support you all and will find a solution.
Currently we are working on some content to help support those who may have never used Github on
this scale before - hopefully to be released sometime on the weekend. If there are other things you
think could be useful, let us know and we can work on getting out some resources or learning out.

Thank you all for coming to our TedTalk.
