# Week 3 General Announcement

Good Evening Thoth Tech

Here is your update from your friendly neighbourhood leadership team for the week.

This week is going to be about deep diving into your projects. Your delivery leads will be receiving
a **project epic** which will give you all the information your team needs to start understanding,
discovering, scoping and planning for your projects. This epic will allow you to start creating
tasks and will give you all the information you will need for Task 2.1. **Task 2.1** which is a
Company Report is due this coming Sunday. This document will be the same for every person in the
company. The first half of the report will be filled out by the leadership team. This includes the
following sections (Table of Contents, Leadership Team, Trimester Goals & Objectives, Company
Structure)

The second part is a breakdown of the projects. Each project team will work on this part together
and submit to the leadership team to compile into a document. Your delivery leads will be taking
note of anyone who is contributing to this. **The deadline for your team to submit your project
section is Saturday.** This allows us time to compile the document for feedback from the entire
company on Sunday. The deadlines for feedback on full document will be Sunday 4pm. **After this,
only one Junior and one Senior will need to submit this for it to be submitted for the entire
company. Leadership will assign a senior and junior to do this. You do not all need to submit it
individually.**

Please note, most of you won’t be starting on your development work this week, potentially not even
next week. One of our goals is to emulate what real world work is like and how companies run. In the
real world, a lot of planning and consideration is completed before actual development occurs. How
will we test? How will we document? How will we capture data? Are there legal/regulatory
considerations? This is crucial to our success, and is an important skill for you all to be
learning. Leadership is looking at running a **Github/Repo QandA** learning session sometime this
week for those who may not have experience with repos of this scale and might be feeling a bit
overwhelmed. If this is something you would like to happen, please let us know in the comments.

Lastly, evidence for portfolios is crucial. Your delivery leads will chat to you about this more in
your meetings this week but by now you should already have some evidence from your team’s worklog,
skills & availability matrix, onboarding card from your Trello board, meeting recordings, meeting
minutes, and screenshots from you engaging in your channel. It is everyone’s responsibility in your
team to make sure you all have evidence, not just your delivery leads.

Thank you for coming to our TedTalk.
