# Week 5 Todos

## The story so far

By now your entire team should have done a team retrospective. Meetings are hard
so please try to think of ways to collaborate async with your team members. For
example, use Miro to collect ideas async and shorten meetings with clear agenda.

Please continue to promote your members efforts using the 'Shoutout!' channel or
team meetings. It helps to drive engagement and improve team morale.

## Planning

Please organise time for presentation and preparing the materials for the
Showcase this week. **This is not compulsory - just an opportunity for students
aiming for higher marks** to showcase your team's work to the managing
directors. You need to ensure your team are aware of this, and communicate to us
who is interested and what time so we can schedule it, however you do not need
to participate if you do not want to.

Remind team to start looking at the Software Requirements Specification in
preparation for OnTrack Task 6.2.

Continue to build out your Trello boards. For teams who are still struggling
with this, we have prepared a Trello
[guide](https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook/blob/main/docs/learning/training/trello-guide.md).
We will run a short workshop later this week to cover in more detail. We will
also be starting to provide some specific feedback on your Trello boards this
week.

If you are would like to improve sprint planning, the upcoming delivery lead
workshop might be of great interest. We have rescheduled it from 6 - 7PM on
Tuesday 05/04/2022.

Guidance on user stories and requirement extracting will also be coming later
this week.

## Calendar

Please ensure your team's regular meetings are in the
[Thoth Tech calendar](https://outlook.office.com/calendar/group/deakin365.onmicrosoft.com/_thoth-tech/view/month).
This provides visibility and also means that leadership know when your meetings
are incase we need to jump in to support. If you have any difficulties with
this, let us know.

## Leadership support (you):

You could help the company to help us understand the company learning and
development needs and plan for resources. Please advocate the
[survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=7Hgj0IgW1UaFQBwotfRw9pxmFQ5mP6pJsCNkD-HdouBUNUVBVlBEMlVTT0RKWkdVNTJOT0o5MTNMTSQlQCN0PWcu)
to your team. If any team members would like to facilitate any training or you
have identified any experts that can spread knowledge beyond your teams, please
do not hesitate to reach out to the Area Leads. We love to collaborate and build
a great learning culture at Thoth-tech.

If you would like to express interest to attend the leadership conference -
please let us know. This is a shadowing development experience that would be
beneficial, particularly for juniors taking more leadership responsibility next
trimester.

Please familiarise yourself with the following guidelines:

- The
  [Quality Assurance strategy](https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook/blob/main/docs/processes/quality-assurance/quality-assurance-overview.md)
  and think how it applies to the context of your project. We are running a Q&A
  session between 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM on Wed 6/04/2022 and love to hear your
  feedback and questions.

- The Communication
  [Guide](https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook/blob/main/docs/communication/communication.md)
  and see if it can help to streamline your team communication process. It's a
  living document and we'd absolutely love your contribution to improve it.

## Team support:

Please keep monitor your team health and the level of engagement. We recommend a
good 7-min read on the topic of
[Conscious Leadership](https://blog.alexmaccaw.com/conscious-leadership/) that
you might find useful.
